

Basic idea:

A voter is asked to vote for exactly one candidate. This keeps the voting interface simple.

Behind the scenes, however, voters are seen as belonging to different groups of stakeholders.

Each group distributes points among the candidates according to the group's rules.

A candidate's final score is the weighted sum of points that they receive from all stakeholder groups.

The winner is the candidate with the highest final score.



Stakeholder groups:

These are groups of voters with different qualifications and perspectives. 

A voter belongs to a group when he holds one or more NFTs required for membership.
A voter may be part of several groups.
A voter gets to influence the points distributed by every group for which he qualifies.

- The experts: Fellowship committee members and TE speakers
- The intellectuals: Those who have studied and passed one or more TE Fundamentals exams
- The active participants: Those who have actively participated in the live tracks of this study season
- The general community: Anyone who holds at least one TE Academy NFT



Suggested parameterization:

The fellowship candidates were chosen by the fellowship committee. 
As such, the experts have already had huge influence on the outcome of the election, 
and all of the candidates can be expected to be good candidates.

To keep things simple, I suggest that "the experts", "the intellectuals", "the active participants" and 
"the general community" are given equal weight (25% each) in the final outcome, and that they distribute points according to the following rules:

The experts: 

    These are highly qualified people who likely know all candidates and appreciate their contributions.
    They are aware of the responsibility that comes with their special voting power.

    A group of peers calls for a principle of one person, one vote. 
    Thus, expert points are distributed according to the distribution of the experts' individual votes.

The intellectuals:

    These are students with at least some basic knowledge of TE theory (1-6 TE Fundamentals NFTs).
    They don't necessarily know the candidates.
    
    Each group member's vote is given a weight of 1-6 depending on the number of TEF NFTs they hold.
    Thus, those who have studied more gets a bigger say in how the group's points are distributed.

The active participants:

    These are active students who took part in one or more live tracks and have proof of knowledge/skill.
    Some of them participated in sessions with fellowship candidates.

    Starting from 0, each group member's vote is given a weight w that is the sum of:

        +1 for each NFT from live track 1-4 (not lead by a candidate)
        +1 for a Wonderverse top 50 NFT
        +3 for each NFT from live track 5-8 (lead by a candidate) 

The general community:

    This is everyone who holds at least one TEA NFT.
    Some may have only registered for the study season; some are fellowship committee members.

    This group distributes points as in a simple popularity contest:
    One person, one vote - just like the experts, in fact, but for very different reasons.



What are the pros of this algorithm?

- Simple voting task and simple voting interface: 
  Each voter just has to pick one candidate.

- Reputation based: 
  Highly qualified voters influence more groups AND their vote is assigned more weight within some groups.
  In particular, TE experts and students with an NFT from a candidate's live track get extra voting power.

- Voter diversity:
  Voter diversity and legitimacy is ensured by explicitly giving different stakeholder groups a say
  in the final outcome. This will prevent any single group of people from over-determining the outcome.

- Incentive to vote:
  Anyone who is not a candidate and who holds at least one TEA NFT is elligible to vote. 
  All eligible votes count - at least in the general community stakeholder group vote.

- Incentive to learn:
  More TEA NFTs = greater voting power. This gives people an incentive to study and obtain NFTs.

- Intuitive model: 
  The voting algorithm is based on natural stakeholder groups with different qualifications and perspectives.
  This should make it clear to all voters how they fit in the system, based on their merits.

- Parameterization on two levels:
  The design controls a) the power of each stakeholder group, and b) an individual's power within a group.
  This gives a lot of flexibility to adjust the details while keeping the overall concept clean.



What are the cons of this algorithm?

- Slightly complex behind-the-scenes analysis of votes: 
  Careful testing is needed to ensure that it works as expected.

- A tie is unlikely, but possible:
  In the event that two candidates receive the same number of aggregate points - WHAT SHOULD HAPPEN THEN?



Other notes:

For an optimal result, effort should be made to clearly communicate these things to all potential voters:

- The objectives of the vote
- The concept of reputation-based voting
- Who the candidates are and how they have each contributed to the field of token engineering
- The voting algorithm design
- How to vote
- How to get more voting power

All elligible voters have shown interest in TE Academy (at least enough to sign up for the study season).
Rather than excluding lesser qualified voters or giving extreme weight to the votes of the experts,
it makes sense to be proactive and help every voter become better qualified.



